# Elevate-Hackathon-2018

This code is being made available for free. There are some very useful smart contracts, and quantum-classical algorithms to be found and contributed to.

The solution we worked on for the Hackathon is called Healthware. We're bringing 21st century tech to the Healthcare industry starting with Wearables. We want to create apps that constantly learn with various ML algorithms that doctors and psychiatrists can "prescribe" to their patients. These apps are integrated with wearable tech, and will provide meaningful insights privately and strictly to only the patient. The patient can then decide what to do and how best to work with their healthcare provider. This allows patients to maintain privacy and security while contributing to the development of data-heavy applications. Government bodies such as Toronto/Ontario can then use the analytics gained from these applications to determine a number of important variables as long as all parties are willing to share their data.

The model we are proposing allows patients to allow or deny access to their data including the government, companies interested in the data or healthcare providers in general. At the same time, when they do, everyone wins, including the patient as everything circles back to the valuable insight gained from our healthcare providers leveraging AI. A positive feedback loop is gained as more patients will become incentivized to use AI based wearables, and the healthcare they are getting will increase. This lowers the cost on the healthcare system overall and provides data for city planning, which will play a crucial role as cities start to get bigger.
